[8.17] Add features to the highlights (#118857)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/release-notes/highlights.asciidoc

`logsdb` index mode allows to reduce storage usage up to ~3 times compared to storing logs in Elasticsearch using the default index mode.
Refer to the <<logs-data-stream,documentation>> for further information.

[discrete]
[[elastic-rerank]]
==== Elastic Rerank

> In 8.17, we are introducing Elastic Rerank, Elastic’s new model for semantic reranking. Reranking can be used as the second stage on top of your existing search approach, whether this is lexical search, ELSER, or dense embeddings, resulting in significant semantic relevance gains mainly via recall improvements. This is very important for RAG applications, where you want to send the most relevant information to an LLM in order to generate the possible responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In 8.17, we are introducing {ml-docs}/ml-nlp-rerank.html[Elastic Rerank], Elastic’s new model for semantic reranking. Reranking can be used as the second stage on top of your existing search approach, whether this is lexical search, ELSER, or dense embeddings, resulting in significant semantic relevance gains mainly via recall improvements. This is very important for RAG applications, where you want to send the most relevant information to an LLM in order to generate the possible responses.
```

Reviewer: We have docs now so adding link

Elastic Rerank is a cross-encoder architecture and it is in technical preview in 8.17.

image::images/elastic-rerank.png[Diagram showing how document text is modeled for a cross encoder, width=90%]

To understand reranking and how you can use it to improve your search, read https://www.elastic.co/search-labs/blog/elastic-semantic-reranker-part-1[What is semantic reranking and how to use it], a blog by the creators of Elastic Rerank.

For more information on the Elastic Rerank model architecture and how it compares for relevance and cost against other reranking models, see https://www.elastic.co/search-labs/blog/elastic-semantic-reranker-part-2[Introducing Elastic Rerank] by the same authors.

[discrete]
[[pre-configured-elser-endpoint]]
==== Pre-configured default ELSER endpoint

> With this release, we are introducing a pre-configured default ELSER endpoint. This removes the need for any inference configuration in order to use ELSER. There is no more need for an inference endpoint setup or for downloading the model and configuring threads and allocations through the trained models UI. Simply create a https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/semantic-text.html[semantic text] mapping with your indices and start using it. The default inference endpoint will download, deploy and start using ELSER for inference with https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/machine-learning/current/ml-nlp-auto-scale.html#nlp-model-adaptive-allocations[adaptive allocations] out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this release, we are introducing a pre-configured default ELSER endpoint. This removes the need for any inference configuration in order to use ELSER. There is no more need for an inference endpoint setup or for downloading the model and configuring threads and allocations through the trained models UI. Simply create a <<semantic-text,semantic text>> mapping with your indices and start using it. The default inference endpoint will download, deploy and start using ELSER for inference with  {ml-docs}/ml-nlp-auto-scale.html#nlp-model-adaptive-allocations[adaptive allocations] out of the box.
```
